to ensure that your your family's taken care of it. It's all about planning
and thinking, thinking ahead. Eso you think about the things that
you typically do day in and day out that will not be done if you
aren't there. So, uh, I personally I'm a big fan of, say, auto pay.
So a lot of the house bills, especially being a single guy. So my bills
are on auto pay, which allow them to be paid. They want some more
and it just come out regularly. So it was really just me not being
there. Is the difference as far as your family? Definitely the communication
needs to be. It needs to be had early and often about Hey,
who's gonna do this or who's going to do that? Try to get down the
schedule of say what your spouse and say, Hey, you know, here's when
the oil needs to be changed in the truck or hears when I typically
take out the trash. Or here's when I typically do this on also offer.
Resource is for that person to reach out to for assistance if they
need, you know the arm Bussmann as faras the command. Other spouses
around the command that are are being left as well. Because you're
not alone. You're not going out to sea by yourself. So reach out to
the other wives or, say husbands that are home and who have more experience
than you do when dealing with things like that, and they'll
give you other opportunities. And resource is for you to reach out.
Um, say, if you're having, like, trouble picking up the keys from school
or something like that, So those things that I typically think
about